The award I won with my own hands that year
The most valuable honor in the Chinese music scene
It has developed into this scene
You're annoying, you don't even count as a debut
Why did you sneak into the scene of the awards ceremony?
It's the Golden Melody Awards ceremony
You're not even a third-rate singer
Are you here to receive the award too?
No, you're kind of self-aware
After all, this is the top music hall
You can't get in here, you trash
I advise you to go back obediently
So as not to be kicked out in full view of the public for a while
If someone hadn't invited me
I still disdain to participate in such boring games
Game, your breath is bigger than athlete's foot
And you know what?
Join us today.
They are all adults with heads and faces
And you enter a draft competition
The promotion qualification obtained by betraying others
You deserve it too.
Chu Fan, did I make it very clear to you?
Don't use my banner
Do these disgusting things
What's the use of you entering the shift inspection site?
Still want to drag me down
Ruin my good deeds at the ceremony
Stop pretending, you've already received the message
Know us Miss Jiang
And she was nominated for best singer.
So you want to ride on one's coattails with this
Then congratulations in advance.
It's kind of getting what you want.
What are you pretending to be noble? Tell you Chu Fan.
Miss Jiang was originally a singer
If it weren't for your years of drag
He's already a big hit
So that's it.
You two are not from the same world at all
It's a pity that you can't see the situation clearly
Is it a world?
You don't have to say
I have something else to do
You really think of yourself as a character
What is this place?
Come and go when you want
The awards ceremony is a grand event in the Chinese music scene
For the safety of the audience and the actors
Now please take out your admission ticket
CEO get out of here
I was invited.
No admission ticket
No
No or no idea at all
I haven't had time to fake it yet.
Chu Fan, I told you a long time ago
You are top-notch like us
Not from the same world at all
Chu Fan sees reality clearly
This circle is not like you without eyes
Short-sighted people can bring it in
The rules of this industry
People like you
It can't be crossed in a lifetime
Weather I said
I was invited.
Invitation only
No admission
The awards ceremony is the most prestigious event in the Chinese music scene
Can come today
But they are all big people with heads and faces
Even they have to have papers to get in and out.
As for the invitation letter?
Except for that legendary singer back then, Fan
Throughout the history of the Golden Melody Awards
No one deserves that invitation at all
This time I'll see how you catch it
How do you know I'm gone?
Don't embarrass yourself here
Listen to my sister's advice
Be obedient
Get out of here
Otherwise, wait for the security to come
But not as polite as we are
Chufan hurry up
I want to raise awareness and get media companies to take a fancy to it
There are other ways.
Instead of like now
Good at disrupting the order at the ceremony scene and throwing yourself away
I don't need any fame
As for the media companies you mentioned
They just beg me to sign the contract
Do you want to see the invitation letter?